[Content] Adding and updating peoples pages. (#72)
seqan/www.seqan.de: _people/kerstin_neubert.md

---
name: Kerstin Neubert
category: Alumni
avatar: /assets/images/people/kerstin_neubert.jpg
social_links:
  email: neubertk@zedat.fu-berlin.de
  linkedin: kerstin-neubert-74699852
---

Kerstin Neubert developed applications for the characterization of microbial species in environmental samples based on

> metagenomic and peptide profiling. She holds a BSc and Msc degree in Bioinformatics from the Freie Universität Berlin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metagenomic and peptide profiling. She holds a B.Sc. and M.Sc. degree in Bioinformatics from the Freie Universität Berlin
```
